Add --override flag to override any existing environment variables (#63)
entropitor/dotenv-cli: README.md

(see [#37](https://github.com/entropitor/dotenv-cli/issues/37) for more information).
`dotenv-cli` supports this using the `-c` flag for just `.env` and `.env.local` and `-c development` for the ones above.

### Override
Override any environment variables that have already been set on your machine with values from your .env file.

Example:
```bash
$ echo "NODE_ENV=test" > .env

> $ NODE_ENV=production dotenv --override -p LOG_LEVEL
> test

Reviewer: Maybe good to also give an example of what it would give without the override flag? 

```suggestion
# By default, dotenv-cli will not override env variables already set
$ NODE_ENV=production dotenv -p NODE_ENV
production
# You can opt-in to this behavior using `--override`
$ NODE_ENV=production dotenv --override -p NODE_ENV
test
```

Notice that you had LOG_LEVEL <> NODE_ENV in your example

(see [#37](https://github.com/entropitor/dotenv-cli/issues/37) for more information).
`dotenv-cli` supports this using the `-c` flag for just `.env` and `.env.local` and `-c development` for the ones above.

### Override

> Override any environment variables that have already been set on your machine (or in case of using multiple environment files, defined by previous environment file) with values from your .env file.

Reviewer: I think this is very strange and will lead to weird behavior where adding `--override` not only ignores env variables already set, it also changes the order of `-e` arguments.

`--override` should in my opinion NOT reverse the order in which you should declare them. It should only decide whether it uses the system ones or not.

Author: The current state of this PR reflects my misunderstanding of how the order of `-e` arguments impact environment variables applied to the child process. 

Later today, in a follow-up commit, I will change the language of this documentation and the help command to reflect that the purpose of `--override` is to override an existing environment variable and remove the language around using it to override environment variables defined by other `.env` files.

Author: Updated the docs in 9124e50.

Example:
```bash

> $ echo "API_TOKEN=default" > .env
> $ echo "API_TOKEN=secret" > .env.override # .env.override may be ignored by .gitignore
> $ dotenv --override -e .env -e .env.override -p API_TOKEN
> secret

Reviewer: This is a bad example because `--override` should not be used for this as the example below can be used just as well

```bash
$ echo "API_TOKEN=default" > .env
$ echo "API_TOKEN=secret" > .env.override # .env.override may be ignored by .gitignore
$ dotenv -e .env.override -e .env -p API_TOKEN
secret
```

This would be a better example for this, I guess
```suggestion
$ echo "API_TOKEN=secret" > .env
$ API_TOKEN="system-default" dotenv --override -e .env -p API_TOKEN
secret
```
